feat(hid): Add KConfig option for higher NKRO usages (#2024)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/config/system.md

| `CONFIG_ZMK_HID_REPORT_TYPE_HKRO` | Enable `CONFIG_ZMK_HID_KEYBOARD_REPORT_SIZE` key roll over.                                           |
| `CONFIG_ZMK_HID_REPORT_TYPE_NKRO` | Enable full N-key roll over. This may prevent the keyboard from working with some BIOS/UEFI versions. |

:::note NKRO usages

> By default the NKRO max usage is set so as to maximise compatibility, however certain less frequently used keys (F13-F24 and INTL1-8) will not work. The solution is to set 'CONFIG_ZMK_HID_KEYBOARD_NKRO_EXTENDED_REPORT=y'. This is known to break compatibility with Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the NKRO max usage is set so as to maximize compatibility, however certain less frequently used keys (F13-F24 and INTL1-8) will not work with it. One solution is to set `CONFIG_ZMK_HID_KEYBOARD_NKRO_EXTENDED_REPORT=y`, however this is known to break compatibility with Android and thus not enabled by default.
```
